[crowd cheering]
PIERRE 'Alo. Allow me to
introduce the rookie'
'class performers of the
Coumarine'
City Pokémon Showcase.'
First up,
give a warm welcome to Serena!
[grunts]
Ta‐daa!
[LEAPING]/[PROUD]
Are you ready to go?
[EXCITED]
[screaming]
[FRIGHTENED]
Oh, that hurt.
Thank goodness
it was just a dream.
Huh?
Where's Ash?
[panting]
The day of our Coumarine Gym
battle's finally here.
[EXCITED]
Let's give it all we've got.
[AGREEMENT]
Ash is so fired up.
I'm going to have
to train hard too.
[panting]
Mm. Look at that.
[ENTHRALLED]
It's going to be an awesome day.
Alright. Let's win
our Gym battle for sure.
[EXCITED]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one
way to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a Hero be a Hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a Hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH "The Green,
Green Grass Types Of Home!"
NARRATOR With his fourth
Kalos Gym Badge at stake
Ash is about to challenge
the Coumarine City Gym Leader,
Ramos.
ASH
So, this is the Coumarine Gym.
‐ Huh! What a big tree!
‐ This is a Gym?
I'm sure it is.
It's just what you'd expect
from a Gym
that specializes in Grass‐types.
So, let's get movin', okay?
[AGREEMENT]
Hold on, Ash. Wait up.
BONNIE
I'll bet I get there first.
CLEMONT
Don't leave me behind again.
'Wait for me.'
[panting]
We're finally at the top.
[HAPPY]
Yay. I got second place.
[panting]
Looks like I get third place.
BONNIE
Where's Clemont?
[Clemont grunting]
Last place.
I think you need to run more.
Ah!
This must be the battlefield.
[IMPRESSED]
SERENA I've never seen a treetop
battlefield before.
CLEMONT You certainly
couldn't have a better
Grass‐type Gym
than this one.
BONNIE 'I guess battlefields
come in all shapes and sizes.'
Oh, you finally made it.
‐ 'Huh?'
Ramos!
I want to have our battle
right away, please?
[EAGER]
[chuckles]
You've arrived just in time.
‐ Good.
‐ Huh? Wait. Ramos?
[CALLING]
ASH
Uh..
I was given this delicious tea
as a gift.
ASH
'Huh?'
But I really wanted to
have our Gym battle
just as soon as we got here.
No need to rush.
Let's take it easy.
Have some tea with an old man,
won't you?
It's really nice for Ramos
to offer us some tea.
‐ It's teatime.
‐ Looks great.
[sighs]
Tea breaks are always
so calmin' and relaxin'.
It was great. Thank you.
Now, can we battle?
It would be wonderful if all of
you helped me tend to my garden.
Won't you?
[crying]
[STRAINING]
[WORKING]
Oh, man.
I want to have a battle now.
[grunts]
‐ No, no.
‐ Huh?
Ash, you mustn't yank
the weeds out so carelessly.
‐ Huh?
‐ Look closely.
‐ See?
‐ Oh!
RAMOS
'If you get all caught up'
'with the things
that are right in front of you'
'you may lose sight
of what's important.'
Lose sight of what's important.
RAMOS 'You see, the first thing
you need to do
is calm your mind.'
'If you observe
closely with a calm mind'
you'll be able to
discern the important things.
Especially, durin' Gym battles.
Right. I get you now.
So, how about that
Gym battle of ours?
Great. Thanks a lot.
[EXCITED]
REFEREE 'The Coumarine Gym
battle between Ramos,
'the Gym Leader
and Ash, the challenger,'
'will now get under way.'
Look after Goomy for me,
alright?
Leave it to me.
Goomy, I know you want
to become really strong
'so make sure
you watch our battle.'
[AGREEMENT]
REFEREE
'Both Trainers will have'
'the use of three Pokémon.'
'Furthermore,
only the challenger'
'will be permitted to
substitute Pokémon.'
Ramos specializes
in Grass‐types.
So, I know which
three Pokémon to use.
[AGREEMENT]
Well? Have you decided
which Pokémon you'll go with?
Yup. I'm ready.
So, why don't we begin?
Now, Jumpluff, let's go!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
Who's that Pokémon?
POKEDEX Jumpluff.
The Cottonweed Pokémon.
'Jumpluff drifts around the
world with the seasonal winds.'
'It releases cottony
spores as it travels.'
He's using Jumpluff.
So, Fletchinder, I choose you!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
Wow, Ash is using Fletchinder.
It's a Flying‐type
and a Fire‐type
so it has a big advantage
over Grass‐type Pokémon.
Go, Ash. Battle hard!
[ENCOURAGING]/[ENCOURAGING]
And now, battle begin!
Fletchinder, use Flame Charge!
[AFFIRMING]/[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
I see what Ash is doin'.
Alright, Jumpluff,
use Cotton Guard!
[COTTON GUARD MOVE]
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
[FLYING]
[SMUG]
Didn't do a thing.
That should've been super
effective. What's happening?
Because Jumpluff
used Cotton Guard
that allowed it to
raise its defenses.
Now. Sunny Day!
[SUNNY DAY MOVE]
Okay. Steel Wing!
[STEEL WING MOVE]
Dodge it, quick.
[DODGING]
Whoa! Fast.
Jumpluff has
an ability called Chlorophyll
which increases its
speed in sunny weather.
Then we'll use Flame Charge!
[AFFIRMING]/[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Jumpluff, dodge!
[DODGING]
[LANDING]
Man! We've got to go faster.
Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
RAMOS
'Dodge it.'
[HOPPING]/[PAINED]
Cotton Guard.
[GROANING]
[explosion]
REFEREE
'Jumpluff is unable to battle.'
‐ 'Fletchinder is the winner.'
‐ Alright!
[PLEASED]
[PROUD]
Yay! Yay! Yay! Go, Fletchinder!
That was simply a battle
of speed against speed.
And typical Ash.
Jumpluff, thanks.
Now get yourself a good rest.
That was most impressive,
my boy.
[chuckles]
You haven't seen anything yet.
Now, Weepinbell, go!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
A Weepinbell, huh?
POKEDEX Weepinbell.
The Flycatcher Pokémon.
Weepinbell looks like a plant
'and covers opponents
with a poisonous powder'
'in order to catch them.'
[SNEEZE]
Looks strong.
But as long as Ramos
keeps using his Grass‐types
Fletchinder has
a huge advantage.
I'm going
to just use Fletchinder
and win every battle.
[CONFIDENT]
[laughs] Now, that's some
confidence, whippersnapper.
Okay, Flame Charge!
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
‐ Dodge it, quick.
‐ It's fast.
It has the Chlorophyll Ability
too.
We're not done yet.
Flame Charge, again.
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Dodge it and use Poison Powder.
[POISON POWDER MOVE]
[PAINED]
Fletchinder, no!
Ah!
[STRUGGLING]
It's poisoned.
And soon that poison is going to
drain out all of its energy.
You've got to stay strong,
Fletchinder.
[STRAINING]
Use Razor Leaf!
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
[PAINED]
Oh, no, Fletchinder!
[STRAINING]/[FURIOUS]
Can you still battle?
[ENCOURAGING]/[REASSURING]
Yes. Now, Flame Charge.
[FLAME CHARGE MOVE]
Dodge, Weepinbell.
[LEAPING]
‐ It dodged it again.
‐ Weepinbell, use Slam.
[AFFIRMING]/[GRABBING]
[SLAM MOVE]
[SCREAMING]
Fletchinder, no!
[CONCERNED]
That isn't good.
REFEREE 'Fletchinder is
unable to battle.'
'Weepinbell is the winner.'
Fletchinder!
You okay?
You were so great.
Just leave the rest to us.
And now both sides are even.
I wonder
who Ash will choose next.
[CURIOUS]
I choose you!
[grunts]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Jumpluff.
[EXERTION]
I choose you!
[grunts]
[EMERGING]
[PROUD]
BONNIE
It's Hawlucha!
[ENCOURAGING]
SERENA Hawlucha's a Fighting
and a Flying‐type Pokémon
‐ right, Clemont?
‐Right.
So it has moves that are
effective against Grass‐types.
Hawlucha, Flying Press!
[FLYING PRESS MOVE]
[GROANING]
Keep up the offense
with High Jump Kick.
[RUNNING]
[ALERT]
[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
Dodge and use Poison Powder!
[HOPPING]
[POISON POWDER MOVE]
[HURT]
Oh, no!
[WORRIED]
If this keeps up,
I'm afraid the poison will drain
'Hawlucha's energy too.'
[WORRIED]
Hang in there, Hawlucha.
[ENCOURAGING]
[DETERMINED]
Use Razor Leaf!
[CHARGING]
Dodge it, quick.
[PAINED]
The poison's
slowing Hawlucha down.
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
Hawlucha, get out of there!
[REELING]
Alright, use Slam.
[SLAM MOVE]
[PAINED]
This isn't looking too good.
It looks like Hawlucha's
going to lose too.
[NERVOUS]
[STRAINING]
I'll wrap this up before the
poison drains Hawlucha's energy.
Hawlucha, Flying Press!
[LEAPING]
[STRUGGLING]
[chuckles]
Grass Knot.
[GRASS KNOT MOVE]
[PAINED]
Hawlucha!
[GROANING]
Alright, High Jump Kick!
[LEAPING]/[HIGH JUMP KICK MOVE]
[REELING]
Way to go.
Now, use Slam
from that position.
Huh?
[SLAM MOVE]
[STARTLED]
[PAINED]
Hawlucha, no!
[GROANING]
REFEREE
'Hawlucha is unable to battle.'
'Weepinbell is the winner.'
Excellent work, Weepinbell.
[PLEASED]
You battled with
lots of courage, Hawlucha.
We'll win this. Count on it.
One more Pokémon left.
This will be Ash's last chance.
Okay, Frogadier, I choose you!
[READY]
‐ Why Frogadier?
‐ Frogadier's a Water‐type.
And isn't it true
that Water‐type Pokémon
are at a disadvantage
against Grass‐types?
Remember, this is Ash.
I bet he's got
something up his sleeve.
[CURIOUS]/[ENCOURAGING]
Let's go, Frogadier.
Now, use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Dodge it, quick.
[DODGING]
Use Double Team.
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
[CONFUSED]
Well, that sure
is an impressive Double Team.
Weepinbell, Grass Knot.
Weepinbell's eyes are closed.
[KNOWING]
[SURPRISED]/[PAINED]
‐ Huh!
How in the world did
Weepinbell figure out
which Frogadier
was the real one?
[chuckles] You can use Double
Team all you want,
but you can't
fool us.
[grunts]
Use Razor Leaf!
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
Water Pulse, let's go!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[explosion]
Use Poison Powder!
[POISON POWDER MOVE]
Frogadier,
use your Frubbles as a mask.
[AFFIRMING]
[POISON POWDER MOVE]
[DETERMINED]
I never would've thought
of that in a million years.
‐ That explains his choice.
‐ Use Double Team one more time.
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
No. Not again.
Weepinbell, Grass Knot.
[GRASS KNOT MOVE]
Frogadier, Aerial Ace.
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[LEAPING]
Oh, no.
[STARTLED]
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[REELING]
[LANDING]
[PAINED]
REFEREE 'Weepinbell is
unable to battle.'
‐ 'Frogadier is the winner.'
‐ We did it, Frogadier!
[PLEASED]/[PROUD]
Ramos has one Pokémon left too.
CLEMONT Everything depends on
which Pokémon Ramos chooses.
Now. Here we go!
[EMERGING]
[READY]
I thought he'd be using Gogoat.
If I win, I get my fourth badge.
Frogadier, use Water Pulse!
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
Alright, Gogoat. Vine Whip.
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Frogadier, Use Double Team.
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
Use Vine Whip and mow them down.
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[RUNNING]
[PAINED]
[WINDED]
Frogadier, you okay?
[ASSURING]/[PLEASED]
You're havin' fun, aren't you?
Well, I'm havin' fun too.
Use Aerial Ace!
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
Now, no rushin', no fuss.
Gogoat, Razor Leaf.
[AFFIRMING]/[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
‐ Uh‐oh!
‐ Now what?
SERENA 'What's going on
with that Razor Leaf?'
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
It's gone.
Frogadier!
First it used Razor Leaf
to evade and then to attack.
[LANDING]
Use Double Team!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
Am I seeing more Frogadier?
That Double Team
seems to be getting better
the more Frogadier battles.
Use Leech Seed.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
Aerial Ace, go.
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[WINDED]
Great, Frogadier. Yeah!
Not bad. So, up next,
our Horn Leech.
[HORN LEECH MOVE]
[PAINED]
[HEALING]
Wow! I think Gogoat
healed itself.
Horn Leech causes
damage to an opponent
'and heals its user as well.'
BONNIE
'Huh? No fair.'
Gogoat, Leech Seed, now.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
[NOTICING]/[CRYING]
No way.
Gogoat's Leech Seed is
draining Frogadier's energy.
[STRAINING]
Man, what am I going to do?
[WORRIED]
[chuckles]
The reason Gogoat is able
to use that move so well
is because my Pokémon
and I believe in each other
a hundred percent.
Huh.
I believe in my Pokémon too.
Of course I believe
in Frogadier.
But at this rate at,
at this rate, it looks like..
[ENCOURAGING]
Huh?
You're right. Thanks, buddy.
[sighs]
Hey, Frogadier,
everything's okay.
I promise you there's no way
we're going to lose this battle.
[DETERMINED]
Hmm.
[FRIENDLY]
Oh. You're usually so calm.
Instead, you're all fired up.
You know, I'm fired up too.
Now, off you go,
and use Razor Leaf.
[READY]
Aerial Ace, let's go.
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[RAZOR LEAF MOVE]
[DODGING]
[grunts]
Huh?
RAMOS You see, the first thing
you need to do
is calm your
mind.
If you observe closely
with a calm mind
you'll be able to discern
the important things
especially, during Gym battles.
[Ash thinking]
That's it.
Frogadier, don't get
distracted by that Razor Leaf.
'Feel Gogoat's presence
on the other side of it.'
[AFFIRMING]
[NOTICING]
Now. Go!
[RUNNING]
[LEAPING]
[AERIAL ACE MOVE]
[SHOCKED]
[HURT]
[CURIOUS]
Use Double Team!
[DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
No matter how many times
you try, that move won't work.
Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
Alright, now use Water Pulse.
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[WORRIED]/[HURT]
[DAZED]
REFEREE
'Gogoat is unable to battle.'
'Frogadier is the winner.'
'Which means the victor is Ash,
the challenger.'
Alright, we did it!
[ELATED]
[EXCITED]
Yay, they won!
[AMAZED]
RAMOS
That last move was fantastic.
It's all because
of the things you taught me.
You said if I got
too caught up with the things
in front of me, I'd lose
sight of what's important.
And that's why I decided to use
Double Team as a battling tool.
To raise my little plant.
[chuckles]
You got me, whippersnapper.
This is proof of
your victory here.
‐ The Plant Badge.
‐ Thanks very much.
Alright.
I just got the Plant Badge!
[HAPPY]/[PROUD]
‐ Congratulations, Ash.
‐ That was an amazing battle.
Every time I witness
one of your battles
I'm totally impressed.
Thanks. Okay, Serena,
now it's your turn.
Yeah. My first Pokémon Showcase.
And I'm so psyched!
‐ Give it everything you've got.
‐ Right.
NARRATOR After a fierce
battle against Ramos
Ash has won
his fourth Kalos Gym badge.
And Serena's first
Pokémon Showcase
is right around the corner
as the journey continues.
[theme music]